Update processors README (#554)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: processor/README.md

        action: delete

```

Refer to [config.yaml](attributesprocessor/testdata/config.yaml) for detailed
examples on using the processor.

## <a name="batch"></a>Batch Processor

The batch processor accepts spans and places them into batches grouped by node
and resource. Batching helps better compress the data and reduce the number of
outgoing connections required to transmit the data. This processor supports
both size and time based batching. Please refer to
[config.go](batchprocessor/config.go) for the config spec.

The following configuration options can be modified:
- `num_tickers` (default = 4): the number of tickers that loop over batch buckets
- `remove_after_ticks` (default = 10): the number of ticks passed without a span arriving for a node at which time batcher is deleted
- `send_batch_size` (default = 8192): size after which a batch will be sent regardless of time

> - `tick_time` (default = 1): interval in seconds in which the tickers tick

Reviewer: This actually accepts different time units.
```suggestion
- `tick_time` (default = 1s): interval in which the tickers tick
```

> - `timeout` (default = 1): time in seconds after which a batch will be sent regardless of size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout` (default = 1s): time duration after which a batch will be sent regardless of size
```

```yaml
processors:
  batch:
  batch/2:
    num_tickers: 10
    remove_after_ticks: 20
    send_batch_size: 1000
    tick_time: 5s
    timeout: 10s
```

Refer to [config.yaml](batchprocessor/testdata/config.yaml) for detailed
examples on using the processor.

## <a name="queued"></a>Queued Processor

The queued processor uses a bounded queue to relay trace data from the receiver
or previous processor to the next processor. Received trace data is enqueued
immediately if the queue is not full. At the same time, the processor has one
or more workers which consume the trace data in the queue by sending them to
the next processor. If relaying the trace data to the next processor or
exporter in the pipeline fails, the processor retries after some backoff delay
depending on the configuration (see below). Please refer to
[config.go](queuedprocessor/config.go) for the config spec.

The following configuration options can be modified:

> - `backoff_delay` (default = 5): time in seconds to wait before retrying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `backoff_delay` (default = 5s): time interval to wait before retrying
```

- `num_workers` (default = 10): the number of workers that dequeue batches
- `queue_size` (default = 5000): the maximum number of batches allowed before drop
- `retry_on_failure` (default = true): whether to retry on failure or give up and drop

```yaml
processors:
  queued_retry/example:
    backoff_delay: 5s
    num_workers: 2
    queue_size: 10
    retry_on_failure: true
```

Refer to [config.yaml](queuedprocessor/testdata/config.yaml) for detailed
examples on using the processor.

## <a name="sampling"></a>Sampling Processor

The sampling processor supports sampling spans. A couple of sampling processors
are provided today and it is straight forward to add others.

### <a name="tail_sampling"></a>Tail Sampling Processor

The tail sampling processor samples traces based on a set of defined policies.
Today, this processor only works with a single instance of the collector.
Technically, trace ID aware load balancing could be used to support multiple
collector instances, but this configuration has not been tested. Please refer to
[config.go](samplingprocessor/tailsamplingprocessor/config.go) for the config spec.

The following configuration options can be modified:

> - `decision_wait` (default = 30): number of seconds to wait since first span before making a sampling decision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `decision_wait` (default = 30s): wait time since the first span before making a sampling decision
```

- `num_traces` (default = 50000): number of traces kept in memory

> - `expected_new_traces_per_sec` (default = ): expected number of new traces (helps in allocating data structures)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `expected_new_traces_per_sec` (default = 0): expected number of new traces (helps in allocating data structures)
```

```yaml
span/to_attributes:
  name:
    to_attributes:
      rules:
        - regexp-rule1
        - regexp-rule2
        - regexp-rule3
        ...

>       break_after_match: {true, false}

Reviewer: not from your change, but
```suggestion
      break_after_match: <true|false>
```
